foo-plugins
^^^^^^^^^^^
This is a small set of LADSPA plugins. Currently it consists of two plugins:

 Foo Lookahead Limiter (stereo)
    A lookahead peak limiter with an attack / release envelope.
    Parameters:
     - Input gain (dB)
     - Maximum peak level (dB)
     - Release time (seconds)

 Foo Transient Architect (stereo and mono version)
    Transient sound design. This is a dynamics control independent of the
    volume level. It gives separate control for transient attack and release
    gain.
    The plugin works by using two RMS envelopes. The first envelope reacts
    fast to changes in the signal and the other one more slowly. Attack and
    release is defined by the difference between the envelopes.
    Parameters:
     - Averaging time difference (seconds)
       This parameter controls how far apart are the envelope averaging times.
       The smaller the value, the closer together the envelopes are. With
       larger values the envelopes drift apart further and produce a less
       smooth sound.
     - Attack gain (dB)
     - Release gain (dB)
       Note that the gain values are not guarantees. The parametrized gain
       is scaled according to the envelope difference. Because of this the
       effectual gain would be a lot less than the user wants. To make the 
       control more meaningful, the plugin scales the gain up. This might
       and will cause the plugin to sometimes "overshot" the gain.

Note that these plugins are not finished products yet and the effect of the
parameters might change with new versions. This is especially true for the
transient designer as it hasn't been tuned yet.


Thanks to Steve Harris for providing the tools to generate LADSPA plugins out
of XML definitions and the RMS envelope code.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
foo-plugins ladspa identifier range: 3181-3220

3181: Foo Lookahead Limiter
3182: Foo Transient Architect
3183: Foo Transient Architect (mono)
3184: Foo Driver
3185: Foo Lookahead Limiter v2
3186: t00b limiter
3187: Foo Saturator
3188: Foo Chop Liver
3189: Foo Transient Architect v2





